type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заброшенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оставление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отказываться от pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=унижать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=унижение pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приводить в замешательство pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уменьшить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отрекаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=аберрация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненавидеть pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отвращение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отвратительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отвратительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не терпит pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=соблюдение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=соблюдать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=презренный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=униженно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=способности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=способность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=состоянии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ненормальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отменять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=питать отвращение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мерзость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выше pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выше среднего pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=изобилуют pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обдирать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=абразивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скрываться от правосудия pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отсутствие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отсутствующий pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рассеянный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=освобождать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=абсолютно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поглощенный pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=абсурдный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нелепость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=абсурдно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=абсурдность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обильный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=изобилие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=злоупотребление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=злоупотреблений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оскорбительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ужасный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плачевно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пропасть pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=присоединяться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=акцентировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=принять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=принятие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приемлемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=доступна pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=признание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=аккламация pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=награды pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аккомодационной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выполнять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=достижение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=достижения pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=соглашение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=соответствии pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=в соответствии pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приставать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подотчетный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=точной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проклятый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обвинение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обвинения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обвинять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обвиняет pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осуждающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ожесточать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acerbically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=боль pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=достижимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=признаете pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оправдать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=едкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздражающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acridness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=желчный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=язвительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=язвительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=активные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=активист pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фактические pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=действительность pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=на самом деле pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проницательность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непреклонный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непреклонно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=адаптации pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приспособляемость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=адаптивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=наркоман pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=наркомания pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=знаток pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=искусно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=адекватных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=присоединение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приверженец pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=адгезия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=замечательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поклонник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=превосходно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восхищение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восхищаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восхищенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восхищенно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прием pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=допускать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=по общему признанию pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увещевать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=admonisher pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наставительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предостережение pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наставление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подростков pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прелестный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обожать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обожаемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обожатель pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=«ою pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обожанием pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=по течению pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ловкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ловко pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=льстить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лесть pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=угодливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фальсифицировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фальсифицированный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фальсификация pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=–асширенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преимущество pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выгодный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преимущества pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приключение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=склонный рисковать pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=авантюризм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=авантюрный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=состязательности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=противник pos1=noun stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неблагоприятных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несчастья pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=советы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=адвокат pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приветливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приветливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приветливо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=влияет pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аффектация pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пострадавших pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любовь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нежный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сродство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=утвердительный pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поражать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бедствие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=болезненный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=богатый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=богатство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=позволить себе pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=доступный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оскорбление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=на плаву pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=боящийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=против pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=усугублять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отягчающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ухудшение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=агрессии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=агрессивный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=агрессивность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=агрессор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удручать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пострадавший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=в ужасе pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=проворный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ловкость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=агитировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=взволнованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=агитация pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=агитатор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=муки pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мучиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мучительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мучительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=агония pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=согласен pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agreeability pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приятный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приятность pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приятно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ага pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недомогание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недомогать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=болезнь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесцельный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воздуха pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кондиционирования pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сигнализация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=встревоженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тревожный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тревожно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увы pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отчуждать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отчужденный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отчуждение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=все-время pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=развеять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высказываться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аллергический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=облегчать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=альянс pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=альянсов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=позволяют pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=допустимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=привлекательность pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заманчивый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заманчиво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=намек pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=аллюзии pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=союзник pos1=noun stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=всемогущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=в стороне pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=препирательство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=в целом pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=альтруист pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=альтруистический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=альтруистично pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удивлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поражен pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=двусмысленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=двусмысленность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=честолюбивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=честолюбиво pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=амбивалентность pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=амбивалентный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=засада pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=улучшаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поддающийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любезность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=amiabily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любезный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дружелюбие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дружный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мирным путем pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неправильно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дружба pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=амнистия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подробно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=усиливать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ампутировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=развлечение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=забавный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=забавно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аналитические pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=анархизм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=анархист pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=анархический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=анархия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=анемичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ангел pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ангельский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гнев pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сердито pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ярость pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сердитый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уничтожать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уничтожение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=анимационный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=враждебность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздражать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=досада pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздраженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздражающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аномальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аномалия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=антагонизм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=антагонист pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=антагонистический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=противодействовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=анти- pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=антиамериканский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=антиизраильские pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=антисемиты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=антиамериканских pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=против оккупации pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=по борьбе с распространением pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=антиобщественных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=анти-белый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=антипатия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=устарелый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прямо противоположный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тревоги pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=взволнованность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=так или иначе pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=в любом случае pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любом случае pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=апатичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безучастно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=апатия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обезьяна pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=апокалипсис pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=апокалиптический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=апологет pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=апологеты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=апостол pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=апофеоз pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=видимый pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=по-видимому pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=призыв pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=привлекательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=появляются pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=внешний вид pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=умиротворять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=аплодировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ценить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=признательность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благодарный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оценивающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=appreciativeness pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=задерживать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опасение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опасения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опасающийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опасливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=соответствующие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=утвердить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=склонный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=метко pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=произвольное pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=архаичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ярый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горячо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пыл pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трудный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с трудом pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аристократический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=спорить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аргумент pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=спорный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аргументы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пробуждение pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вызывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вызывает pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=арест pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высокомерие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высокомерный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высокомерно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=артикулировать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=искусственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=родственник по восходящей линии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=устанавливаемого pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=совестно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ослиный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=asininely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=asinininity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=косо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чернить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=клевета pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=клеветы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стремление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чаяния pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стремиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нападать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=убийца pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нападение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=согласие pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=напористый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оценки pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=активов pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=усердный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=усердно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=успокаивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предположении pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уверенность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гарантии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гарантировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несомненно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удивление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изумлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заблудиться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=астрономический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=астрономически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проницательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проницательно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=на части pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убежище pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зверский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зверств pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зверство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=атрофия pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=достигать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=внимательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=свидетельствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отношение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отношения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=привлечение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=привлекательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дерзкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благоприятный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=суровый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аутентичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=авторитарный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=авторитетный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самодержец pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=автократический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=награда pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осведомленности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=знать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=автономный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лавина pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жадность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жадный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скупо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мстить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=средняя pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прочь pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жадно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=избежать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=избежание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трепет pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благоговение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удивительными pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грозно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удивительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благоговейно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ужасно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуклюжий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неловкость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=топор pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лепетать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ребенка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злословить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злословие pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=позвоночник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отсталость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плохо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=перегородка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тупик pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоумение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озадачивает pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наживка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сбалансированного pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=брус pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=банальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опошлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отрава pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изгонять pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изгнание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=банкрот pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бар pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=варвар pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=варварский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=варварски pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=варварство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=едва pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сделка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесплодный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необоснованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=застенчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ќсновные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=в основном pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=греться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ублюдок pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дубинки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=потрепанный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=избиение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бой pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=боевой линии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поле боя pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поле битвы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сумасшедший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=маяк pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=медвежий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зверь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благословлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прекрасный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=красивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=красиво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=украшать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=красота pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бедлам pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подходить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подходящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пачкать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=помогать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=просить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нищий pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нищенский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=попрошайничество pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=запоздалый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осаждать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=противоречить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убеждений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=правдоподобный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=верить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=умалять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=принижается pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=умаление pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воинственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воинственность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воинственно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возлюбленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оплакивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оплакивая pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ошеломленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=благодетель pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благотворный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благотворно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бенефициар pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пособие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выгоды pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благожелательность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доброжелательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=доброкачественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=изогнутый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ругать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лишать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тяжелая утрата pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лишенный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неистовый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=окружать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1= роме того, pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лучшее pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наиболее известные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наиболее эффективных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ѕопулярная pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скотский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предавать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предательство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предательства pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предатель pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лучше pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=более известных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лучше, чем ожидалось pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=берегись pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сбивать с толку pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоумении pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bewilderingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очаровать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предвзятым pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предубеждения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пререкаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=спор pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=на торгах pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сука pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озлобленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хлестко pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горький pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горько pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горечь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=болтун pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=болтать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=черный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=шантаж pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вздор pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безупречный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заслуживающий порицания pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=богохульствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=богохульный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=богохульство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=взрыв pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=взорванный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вопиющий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вопиюще pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=болтовня pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мрачный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мрачно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оголенность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кровоточить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=порок pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благословить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благословение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=слепой pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ослепление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ослепительно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=слепота pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Blindside pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блаженство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блаженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блаженно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=волдырь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=образование пузырей pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=веселый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздутый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=блок pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=болван pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кровопролитие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кровожадный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чертов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=цветение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=цвести pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=удар pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=промах pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неумелый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ошибки pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тупой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пятно pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сболтнуть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хвастливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=испуг pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поддельный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кипятить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смелый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поддерживать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бомбардировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бомба pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бомбардировка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=напыщенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рабство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чокнутый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бонус pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бум pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отверстие pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скука pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скучный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=портить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспокоиться pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=надоедливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выбрасывать все нежелательное из текста pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бойкот pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хвастать pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хвастун pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bragger pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мозги pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=промывать мозги pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=умный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нахальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нахальство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отродье pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бравада pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=храбрый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=храбрость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наглый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нагло pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наглость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нарушение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=перерыв pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=брейк-точки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разбивка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прорыв pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прорывов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одышка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=захватывающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=яркий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=просиять pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=яркость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=блеск pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блестящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блестяще pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сера pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оживленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=щетина pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ломкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=широкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=широкой основе pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сломал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с разбитым сердцем pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выводок pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ѕрук pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=братский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=запугивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=синяк pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесцеремонный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жестокий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жестоко pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жестокость pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доводить до звероподобного состояния pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грубый pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ошибке pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пряжка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=громоздкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бык pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хулиганов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бычий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хулиган pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bullyingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=задница pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ухабистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неумело pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=растяпа pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=койка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=плавучий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бремени pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обременительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тягостно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гореть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=занятый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хлопотун pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мясник pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бойня pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=византийский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кудахтать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=задобрить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бедствий pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пагубный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пагубно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=черствый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=спокойствие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=успокаивающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=клеветать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=клеветнический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calumniously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рак pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=злокачественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искренний pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=откровенность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=людоед pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раскулачить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=способны pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возможности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=умело pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=капитализировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=капитулировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=капризный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=капризно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=капризность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опрокидывание pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очаровывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пленительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увлечение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пленник pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уход pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беззаботный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=осторожны pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=небрежный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=небрежность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=карикатура pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=резня pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=карп pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мультипликация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мультяшным pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безденежной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бичевать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несчастный случай pos1=noun stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=катаклизм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cataclysmal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=катастрофическое pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=катастрофически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=катализатора pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=катастрофа pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=катастроф pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=катастрофический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1= атастрофически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=броский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=каустика pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=едко pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предостерегающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=осторожный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пещера pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=праздновать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=знаменитый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=празднование pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=праздничный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=знаменитость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=порицание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=центральный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=определенных pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=конечно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сертифицированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=натирать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мякина pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=огорчение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вызов pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сложной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чемпион pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=петь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хаос pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хаотический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=харизма pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=харизматический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=благотворительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=благотворительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очарование pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очаровательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очаровательно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=целомудренный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=карать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наказывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наказание pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дешеветь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дешевые pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мошенничество pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обманщик pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ура pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=унылый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лелеять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заветный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=херувим pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шикарный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бранить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=детский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=холод pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=холодно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=крошка pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рыцарство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рыцарский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=порывистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дроссель pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=случайная работа pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=хронических pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приятель pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вежливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=цивилизации pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=цивилизовать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гражданского pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=претензии pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=шум pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=крикливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ясность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=столкновение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=образцовый pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=„истота pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чистота pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чистить pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ясно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=четкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=четкое pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=клише pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=клика pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=засорять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=«акрыть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=близость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=облако pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сотрудничество pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нянчиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=принудить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=принуждение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=принудительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=убедительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сплоченной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=размышлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подсудность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осознавший pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=связываться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=согласованность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=когерентный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сплоченность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=холодный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=крах pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сталкиваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сговариваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сговор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=красочный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=колоссальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=боевой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возвращение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=комедия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=миловидный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1= омфорт pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=удобный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=удобно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=утешительный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воздать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=похвальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=похвально pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=здравого смысла pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=commonsensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=commonsensibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отвечающий здравому смыслу pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=комментарий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=комментатор pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=просторный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сочувствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=волнения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=компактных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сострадание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сострадательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=совместимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=принуждать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=убедительных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=компенсировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=компетентных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=компетенции pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=компетенция pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=конкурентоспособной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=конкурентоспособности pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самодовольный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жаловаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жалобы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дополнение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=полный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=комплекс pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уступчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=усложнять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=осложнение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=соучастниками pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=комплимент pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесплатный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=постигать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=всеобъемлющего pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=компромисс pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=компромиссов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=навязчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обязательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=товарищи pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уступать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самомнение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тщеславный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мыслимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озабоченность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=о pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проблемы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=согласованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уступка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уступки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=примирять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=примирительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=окончательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бетон pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=совпадать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=снисходить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=снисхождение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осуждать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осуждения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осуждение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=соболезнование pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мириться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=способствующий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=совещаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=исповедь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=конфессии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доверять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доверия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уверенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=конфликт pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=смешивать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=посрамлены pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=смешанных pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=противостоять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=конфронтация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=конфронтационный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=спутать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=спутанный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=запутанным pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=путаница pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=перегруженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=затор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поздравить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поздравления pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поздравительный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предположение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=покорять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=добросовестный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сознание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=консенсус pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=—ледовательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=–ассмотрим pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тактичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рассмотрение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=последовательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=консоль pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=видном pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заговоры pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заговор pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заговорщик pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=конспиративный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=постоянство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=конституций pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ограничивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ограничение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=конструктивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=потреблять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=законченный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заразный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=загрязнять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=загрязнения pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=созерцать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=презрение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=презрительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=презрительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бороться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=—одержание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удовлетворенность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непрерывности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непрерывных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искривлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=судорогах pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=противоречие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=противоречивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упрямство pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наоборот pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вклад pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=умудряться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=надуманный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убежденность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убедить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=убедительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=извилистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сотрудничать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сотрудничества pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=совместно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=справиться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=радушный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=краеугольный камень pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=правильно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=исправительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разъедать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=коррозии pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=коррозионный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=коррумпированных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=коррупции pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рентабельный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=экономичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дорогостоящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=контрпродуктивным pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coupists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мужество pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вежливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=завет pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=covetingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=covetously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=корова pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трус pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трусливый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уютный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подавление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хитрый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стесненный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=малодушный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трусливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страстное желание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мания pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безумно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сумасшествие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=созидательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доверие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заслуживающий доверия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преступление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уголовного pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=съеживаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=калека pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деформированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кризис pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=хрустящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=критик pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=критической pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=критика pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=критиковать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=критики pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=крюк pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=крест pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сырой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жестокостей pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=крошить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=крестовый поход pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=крестоносец pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=раздавить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дробление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плакать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=виновный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cuplrit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лекарство от всех болезней pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любопытный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проклятие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проклятия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ток pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ругаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сократить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=милый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=головорез pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=циничный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=цинизм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ущерба pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=повреждения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проклинать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проклятье pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чертовский pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=убийственный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=танец pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опасности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опасно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=болтаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смеет pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=темно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=темнеть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=темнота pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=штопать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тире pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лихой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подлый pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обескураживать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=угрожающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неустрашимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бездельничать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рассвет pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мечты pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мечтатель pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изумленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ослеплять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ослепленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ослепительный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мертвый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=апериодический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=смертельно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дедвейт pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=глухой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дело pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=”важаемые pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недостаток pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=смерть pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разгром pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Debaser pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дебаты pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разврат pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debaucher pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ослаблять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=изнурительных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=слабость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=декаданс pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=декадентский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=распад pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гнилой pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обман pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лживый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предательски pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лживость pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обманывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обманщиков pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приличный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=порядочность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обманчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обманчиво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=решить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=решающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=решительность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=декламировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=снижение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убывающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=декремент pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дряхлый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дряхлость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=порицать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=посвященный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выводить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=углубление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=диффамация pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=порочить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поражение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дефект pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дефектный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=защищать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=защитник pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оборонительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уважение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обороны pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неповиновение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вызывающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дефицит pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дефицитный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дефиле pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осквернитель pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=определенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=определенно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=окончательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дефляционный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=деформировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=деформированных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обманный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несуществующий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=игнорировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вырождаться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degenerately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вырождение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деградации pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деградировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=унижающего достоинство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degradingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дегуманизация pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=делать грубым pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=соблаговолить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удрученный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удрученно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уныние pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восхитительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=деликатес pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=деликатный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восторг pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рад pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восхитительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delightfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преступность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=делинквент pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бредовый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бред pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заблуждение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=потоп pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=спрос pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=требования pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=унижаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=унизительным pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ƒемократическая pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сносить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разрушитель pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=демон pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=демонический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=демонизировать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деморализовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деморализующий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деморализующе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=демистификации pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отказ pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отрицать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=денонсировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поносить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=денонсация pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доносов pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=надежный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=зависимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=истощать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прискорбный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сожалеть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выражая сожаление по поводу pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deploringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=развращать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=развращенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=depravedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выступать против pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=угнетать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подавленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удручающей pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=угнетающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=депрессия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лишенных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высмеивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высмеивание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=насмешливый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=насмешливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=насмешливость pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уничижительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осквернять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заслуживать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заслуженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заслуженно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заслуживающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пустыня pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дезертирство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высыхать pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сухой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=желательно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=желание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=желающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пустынной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безысходно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=запустение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отчаяние pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отчаянный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=в отчаянии pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отчаянно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подло pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=презирать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=презираемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несмотря на pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грабить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расхищать pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уныло pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деспот pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деспотический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деспотизм pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дестабилизация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предназначать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предназначенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=судьбы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нищета pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уничтожить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уничтожения pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разрушительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отрывочный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сдерживания pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ухудшаться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=”худшение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=определение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сдерживающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=detestably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=принижение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ущерб pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вредный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опустошать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опустошенный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сокрушительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опустошение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отклоняться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отклонение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дьявол pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дьявольский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чертовски pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=черная магия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чертовщина pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=окольный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=окольными путями pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=извилистость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=посвящать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=посвящена pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преданность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=набожный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дьявольски pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=диаметрально pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обличительная речь pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обличений pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=диктатор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=диктаторский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отличаются pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разница pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трудно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трудности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуверенность в себе pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=достойный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=удостаивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=достоинство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отвлекаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ветхий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дилемма pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=усердие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прилежный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=колебаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тусклый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уменьшаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уменьшающийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=грохот pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=изящный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дипломатии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дипломатические pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страшный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зловеще pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=direness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=грязь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=грязный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отключить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инвалидов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расхождение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невыгодное положение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обездоленных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невыгодный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disaffect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недовольный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не соглашаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприятный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприятно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несогласие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=запрещать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разочаровывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разочарованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разочаровывающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неутешительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разочарование pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неодобрение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не одобрять pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неодобрительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разоружать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспорядок pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=катастрофические pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гибельно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дезавуировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отрицание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неверие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не верить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неверующий pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=взыскательных pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отказываться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идти кругом pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discomfititure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дискомфорт pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=встревожить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смущать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смущенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=замешательство pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безутешный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безутешно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disconsolation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недовольство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недовольно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разрыв pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разногласие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несогласный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=препятствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обескураживающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обескураживающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невежливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невежливо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дискредитировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сдержанный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=усмотрение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дискриминировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=discriminatingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дискриминации pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пренебрежение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=болезни pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=больной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=немилость pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=позор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=позорный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=позорно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сердить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=противно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=брезгливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=противный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плохой pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расхолаживать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нечестный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нечестно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нечестность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесчестие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесчестный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishonorablely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нежелание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=склонны pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лицемерный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неискренне pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=распадаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отсутствие интереса pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприязнь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дислоцированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нелояльный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нелояльность pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismalness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=встревожены pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пугающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пугающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пренебрежительным pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=освобождающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непослушный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не подчиняться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расстройство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неупорядоченный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=беспорядочно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дезорганизованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дезориентировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дезориентированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=принижать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пренебрежительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уничижительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несущественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подавленно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удручающее pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вытеснять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=перемещенных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не нравиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неудовольствие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расположение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несоразмерный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспокойство pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disquietingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disregardful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=постыдный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дурная слава pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуважение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуважительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуважаемость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непочтительный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непочтительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непочтительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разрушать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неудовлетворительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вызывать недовольство pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissatisfying pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лицемерить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=притворщик pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздоры pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раскольник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=розни pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раскол pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=диссидент pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=диссиденты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необщительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=развратный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=растворение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=диссонанс pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нестройный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=противоречиво pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отговаривать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разубеждающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=различных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=различие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отличительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отчетливо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выдающийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искажать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искажение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отвлекать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отвлекающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отвлечение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обезумевший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смущенно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смущенность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проблемных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тревогу pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удручающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоверие pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоверчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не доверяя pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспокоить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нарушенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нарушенных-пусть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тревожная pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разобщенность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disvalue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расходящийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разнообразный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=делить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разделить pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=божественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=божественно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ќтдел pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разногласия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=divisively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=развод pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разведенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=потрясенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=потрясенно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=слабоумный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увернуться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dodgey pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упрямый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=догматический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=господство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=доминирующий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=доминировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тиранить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гибель pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=конец света pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=допинг pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любить до безумия pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самозабвенно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сомнения pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сомнительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сомнительно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вниз pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=потупленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=депрессант pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=падение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разоренный pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=понижение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=совершенно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нижняя сторона pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=однообразие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драконовские pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драконов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дракон pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драконы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драгун pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=утечка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драма pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драматический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драматично pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радикальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радикально pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страх pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отвратительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мечта pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сказочная страна pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мечтательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тоскливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ƒрайв pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=управляемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дроны pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=свисать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=засухи pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=утопление pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пьяный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пьяница pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сомнением pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dubitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рвань pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тупица pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=немой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=огорошить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=манекен pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дамп pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=темница pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подземелья pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одурачивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прочный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пыльный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=долг pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=истощаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уменьшающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=динамического pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=умирающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стремятся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рвение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=залог pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искренность pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оглушительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=легкость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=легче pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ѕростейший pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=легко pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=Ћегко pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=спокойный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кипучий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увлеченно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эксцентричный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эксцентриситет pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эклектический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=экстазы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=экстаз pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=экстатический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восторженно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поучать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обучаемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=образованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=образования pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эффективной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эффективно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эффективности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эффективный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изображение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=легкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выпот pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=экспансивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=экспансивно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=экспансивностью pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эгалитарный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эго pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эгоцентричный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самовлюбленность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эгоистических pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самовлюбленно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вопиющим pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эякулят pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разрабатывать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=порыв pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поднимать настроение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=в приподнятом настроении pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выборы-монтера pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=электрификация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=электрифицировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=элегантность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=элегантный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=элегантно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возвысить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=право pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ликвидировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ликвидация pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=элита pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=красноречие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=красноречивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=красноречиво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=еще pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истощенный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кастрировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смущающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ошеломляюще pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смущение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приведенный в боевую готовность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приукрашивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ободрять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=охватывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ссорить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=втянуты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возвышение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эмоция pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эмоциональный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эмоции pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сопереживать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сопереживание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подчеркнуть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выразительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расширение прав и возможностей pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пустота pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пустой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очарованный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поощрять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поощрение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ободряюще pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=посягать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=посягательство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подвергать опасности pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=внушить любовь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бесконечный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одобрять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одобрение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=индоссант pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=терпеть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=врагов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=враг pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=энергичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=активизировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=взбудоражит pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заниматься pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=повышения pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расширение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=усиление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приказывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пользоваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пользование pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=просветить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=просвещение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оживлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вражда pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=облагораживать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесчинства pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудовищность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разъяренный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enrapt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=восхищать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обогащать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обогащение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=порабощать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обеспечения pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=запутанность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предприимчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=развлекательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увлекать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приходить в восторг pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=энтузиазм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=энтузиаст pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восторженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с энтузиазмом pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=соблазнительный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=соблазнительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вход pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упоительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=завлечь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=захвата pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=окоп pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поручать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=завидный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=завидно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=завистливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с завистью pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предусматривает pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зависть pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эпический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эпидемии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=равенство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=справедливого pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=искоренять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стирать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эрозии pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ошибаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=странствующий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспорядочный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ќеуверенно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ошибочный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ошибочно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ошибка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эрудит pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эскапада pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=избегать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=существенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отчужденных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=создана pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вечность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=этических pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восхвалять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эйфория pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эйфорию pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эйфории pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уклоняться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уклонение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уклончивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=даже pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=равномерно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=богатый событиями pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=очевидный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очевидно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зло pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грешник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выхолащивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вызывающий воспоминания pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обострять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=точное pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=требовательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преувеличивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преувеличение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=превозносить pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возвышенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возвышенно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возвышающую pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exaltingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздражение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невыносимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=превышать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=превышение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=превосходить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=превосходительство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отлично pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=исключительных pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чрезмерный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чрезмерно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возбужденных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=азартно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возбуждаемость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=волнение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возбуждающе pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воскликнуть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=исключить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=исключение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=Ёксклюзивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ссадить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=простительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оправданий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=экземпляр pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выхлопной pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=истощение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=исчерпывающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=исчерпывающе pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=веселить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=волнующий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подбадривающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возбуждение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=реабилитировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непомерный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exorbitantance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непомерно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ожидание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expediencies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=высылать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опытный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=эксперт pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мастерски pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истекать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=явный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=явно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=взорваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эксплуатировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эксплуатации pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подвергать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подвергаться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=взрывной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=излагать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=¬ыражение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выражений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=экспроприировать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=экспроприация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выводят pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изысканный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изысканно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=широко pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истреблять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истребление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=погасить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нахваливать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вымогать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вымогательство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=посторонний pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необычайно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=внеочередной pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расточительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=экстравагантный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=экстравагантно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=экстремизм pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=экстремист pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=экстремистов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=буйный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пышно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ликовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ликование pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exultingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=брови pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фабриковать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изготовление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=баснословный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=баснословно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шутливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=содействия pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=факт pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=факты pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фактический pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=замирание pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неудача pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=¬ противном случае pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=провал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неудачи pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=слабый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=малодушных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=справедливой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=справедливость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=верный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=верно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=верность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вероломный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заблуждений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ложный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ошибочность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выпадение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ложных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ложь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ложно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=знакомый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=слава pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=голод pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=голодный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лихо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фанатик pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фанатический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фанатично pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фанатизм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фанатиков pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фанфара pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фантастический pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фантастически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фантазия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=далеко идущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=надуманными pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фарс pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фарсовый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фарсовый-еще-провокационной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нелепо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дальновидный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увлекательный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увлекательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фашизм pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фашист pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=модный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=модно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=быстрорастущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=наиболее быстро растущих pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=привередливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=надменный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=жира pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фатальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фаталистический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фаталистически pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фатально pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=роковой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сажень pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бездонный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=усталость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=жировой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бессмысленность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дурацкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=глупо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неисправность pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неисправный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пользу pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=благоприятствования pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=олененок pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страшно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесстрашный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесстрашно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страхи pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грозный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=осуществимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=реально pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подвиг pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспомощный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=слабо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=слабоумных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чувствовать pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чувствует pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чувствовал, pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чувство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чувства pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=симулировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=финт pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Feisty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поздравлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удачный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=счастье pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преступник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преступный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=свирепость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=плодородный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пылкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=лихорадочный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зловонный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=лихорадка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фиаско pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=Fiat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выдумка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выдумщик pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=переменчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фикция pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вымышленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фиктивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ерзать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вертлявый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злодей pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=огненный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=борьба pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подставное лицо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=надувать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наконец, pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мелко pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фирмы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=твердо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=первого класса pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=первоклассный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трещины pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кулак pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=соответствовать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=установка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фиксаж pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ошеломлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=маркировки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грубо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чутье pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зенитная артиллерия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расслаиваться pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=хрупкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=хлопьевидный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пламени pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вспышка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кричащий pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изо всех сил pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лестный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=льстиво pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=щеголять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недостатки pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безупречно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=насмешка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мимолетный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гибкая pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ветреный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неубедительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=флиртовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кокетливый pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=этаж pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=этажном pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=камбала pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=барахтается pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=процветать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=процветающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=попирать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=волноваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любил pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нежно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дурак pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безрассудный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=глупый pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=глупость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=запрещено pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=запрещающие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сила pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предчувствие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предчувствуя pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предвидеть pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предвидение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предсказывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неустойка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=простил pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кованый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=забыть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=забывчивый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невнимательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=забывчивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прощать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прощенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прощение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=великодушно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несчастный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сиротливо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оставлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оставил pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стойкость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=крепость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=счастливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=к счастью pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фол pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздражительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=перелом pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фрагментированы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=душистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=‘ранк pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=откровенно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бешено pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неистово pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=брататься pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мошеннический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чреватый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=урод pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=причудливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=измучить pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=измотанный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бесплатно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=свободы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=свобод pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стремятся как можно скорее pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бешеный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безумие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=частый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=свежие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лад pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздражительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=другу pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дружественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=друзья pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блин pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пугать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=легкомысленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=резвиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хмуриться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=замороженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=плодотворный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесплодно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=шарить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расстраивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=помадка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=беглец pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выполнение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=полноценный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=громить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дымить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=функциональные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фундаментальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=принципиально pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фундаментализм pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=финансируемых pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=яростный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фурор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1= роме того pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=суетиться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=колотить палкой pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=суетливый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=затхлый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесполезный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тщетно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тщетность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нечеткий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тараторить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=багор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оплошность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=веселость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=весело pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=усиления pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оплачиваемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выгодно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нигилист pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гоготать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=желчь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=галантный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=галантно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заедание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=в изобилии pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гальванизировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=азартная игра pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=игры pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зевать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мусор pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удушье pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неловкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безвкусный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=остолоп pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=человек со странностями pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=драгоценный камень pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=драгоценные камни pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=щедрость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=щедрый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=щедро pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=добродушный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гений pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=геноцид pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подлинный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=релевантный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=жесты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разбогатеть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гетто pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гигант pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гигантов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тарабарщина pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одаренный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гигантский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с удовольствием pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=яркий свет pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подбирать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ликующий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радостно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бойкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=многословно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мерцание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блестеть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сбой pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злорадствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злорадно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мрак pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прославлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=славный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=славно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лоск pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=глянцевый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=свечение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нить накаливания pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пылающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=угрюмый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=перенасыщение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=грызть pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=идти вперед pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подстрекать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подстрекая pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ѕог-ужасно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=данный богом pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=богоподобный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=золото pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=золотой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=хорошее pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доброта pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доброжелательность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увалень pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=великолепный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=великолепно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сплетни pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благодать pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грациозный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грациозно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непристойный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=некрасиво pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=милостивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=милостиво pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трансплантат pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=√рааль pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=√ранд pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=величие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грандиозный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=решетка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=признателен pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с благодарностью pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удовлетворение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ублажать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ќтрадно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отрадно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благодарность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безвозмездный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безвозмездно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=могила pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=величайший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приветствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горе pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жалоба pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горевать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скорбя pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тяжкий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=печально pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гриль pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гримаса pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=усмешка pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=молоть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тиски pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=песок pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=песчаный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=паз pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=брутто pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гротескный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дурное настроение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ворчливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=новаторским pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рябчик pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=растущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рычать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обиды pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скупой pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неохотно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ворчать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опекун pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=руководство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=коварство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вина pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невиновный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=виновато pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=легковерный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фонтанировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сообразительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смак pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=свежий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изможденный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=торговаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=град pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зимородок pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=крепкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нерешительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вяло pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=на полпути pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ƒа святится pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=галлюцинировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=галлюцинация pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=остановить pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подколенное сухожилие pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хромает pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инвалид pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удобным pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=счастливо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=счастливы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разглагольствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преследовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=домогательство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=укрывательство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гаваней pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=жесткий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сильно пострадавших pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жесткой линии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сторонник жесткого курса pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трудолюбивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бейсбол pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=затвердевать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=закаленной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трезвый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бессердечной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выносливее pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сторонника жесткой линии pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вряд ли pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лишения pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=’арди pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вред pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безвредный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гармоничный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гармонично pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гармонизировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гармония pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вредит pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гарпия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ведьма pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=затравленные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=борона pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стычка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=спешка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поспешный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненависть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненавистник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненавистный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненавистно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=омерзительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=свысока pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ястребиный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опасных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=туманный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=головная боль pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=головные боли pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прогресс pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пьянящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заживать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=здоровый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сердце pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горестное событие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=душераздирающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=огорчительно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сердечно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бессердечный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трогательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=языческий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=небо pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=небесный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сильно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сверхмощный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тяжеловесный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heavyhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=щеколда pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чесать лен pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=беспокойный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хедж pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гедонистический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспечным pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=здоровенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гегемонизма pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гегемонистских pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гегемония pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гнусный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ад pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одержимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озорник pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=—правка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=полезные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=беспомощно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=беспомощность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вестник pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ересь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=еретик pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=еретический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=герой pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=героический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=героически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=героиня pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=героизировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=герои pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безобразие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=высокая pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=высокого качества pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выделить pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оживленность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=помеха pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=исторический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хм pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=копить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мистификация pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=хромать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=полый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=святой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дань pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=честный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=честно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=честность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=медовый месяц pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=честь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=почетный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=надежда pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=надежды pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мы надеемся, pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оптимизм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безнадежный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безнадежно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безнадежность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=орда pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ужасы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гостеприимный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заложник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=враждебный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=военные действия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=√орячие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горячая голова pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горячий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=парники pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=теплица pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ќднако pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=торгаш pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=объятие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гуманный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гуманисты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=человечества pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=человечество pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скромный pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=унизительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=юмор pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=юмористический pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вор-карманник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лицемерие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лицемер pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лицемеры pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лицемерно pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истерия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истерик pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истерический pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истерически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истерика pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ледяной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=»дея pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идеал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=идеализм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=идеалист pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идеализировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идеально pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=глупости pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идиотизм pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идиот pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идиотский pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идиотски pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идиоты pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=праздный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идол pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=боготворить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=боготворил pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идиллический pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=воспламеняться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невежество pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невежественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=жестокого pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опрометчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непродуманной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злополучный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=некрасивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невоспитанный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неудачно подобранный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сварливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жестокому обращению pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жестокое обращение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дурное обращение с кем-л. pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жестокого использовать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незаконной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незаконно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незаконнорожденный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неликвидный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неграмотный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нелогичность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нелогичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нелогично pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=освещать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эрудиты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осветительный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озарять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=иллюзия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=иллюзий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=иллюзорный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прославленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мнимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воображение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=образный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дисбаланс pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безукоризненно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нематериальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незрелый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=немедленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=немедленно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безмерность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безмерный pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неизбежность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неизбежный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ближайшее pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=иммобилизованный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неумеренный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неумеренно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нескромный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безнравственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безнравственность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=аморально pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неподвижный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=иммунный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ухудшать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нарушениями pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=беспристрастный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=беспристрастность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=беспристрастно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страстный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бесстрастный pos1=adj stemmed1=n polarity=negative priorpolarity=weakneg
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нетерпение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нетерпеливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нетерпеливо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оспаривать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=импеданс pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=препятствие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=побуждать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предстоящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нераскаянный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=императив pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=настоятельно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несовершенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несовершенно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=имперский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=империалистический pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=властно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недопустимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безличный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невозмутимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непроницаемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стремительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безудержно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=импульс pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нечестивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неумолимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неправдоподобно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=впутывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=импликация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неявный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=взрываться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=умоляющий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подразумевать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бестактный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=значение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=важно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=назойливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=докучать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=налагать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=верстальщиков pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=наложении pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=введение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=невозможно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=невозможность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бессильный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обеднять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обедневший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непрактичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неточный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неточно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неточность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприступный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=впечатление pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=впечатления pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=впечатляющий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=впечатляюще pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=внушительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 len=1 word1=сажать в тюрьму pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 len=1 word1=лишение свободы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невероятность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненадлежащий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприличие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=улучшение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=улучшения pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неосторожность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неосторожный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=импульсивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=импульсивно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безнаказанности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нечистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=примеси pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неспособность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недоступный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неточности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бездействие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неактивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неадекватность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недостаточный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неадекватно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inadverent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inadverently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нецелесообразный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нецелесообразность pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неотъемлемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бессмысленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бессмысленно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуместный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуместно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неподходящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесспорно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невнятный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невнимательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неспособный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неумелость pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зажигательный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ладан pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспрестанно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=остро pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=остротой pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подстрекательство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невежливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=склонность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наклонности pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=включительно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несведущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непоследовательность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бессвязный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бессвязно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несравненно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несовместимость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несовместимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=некомпетентность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=некомпетентный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=некомпетентно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неполный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неуступчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непонятный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непонимание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непостижимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непостижимо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нелепый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непоследовательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непоследовательно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неосмотрительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесцеремонно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несоответствия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несоответствие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непостоянный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неопровержимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неудобство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неудобный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неудобно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неправильный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неверно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неисправимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неисправимо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неподкупный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=больше pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоверчиво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прививать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обязанный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непристойность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприлично pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нерешительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нерешительно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нарушение приличий pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ƒействительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неутомимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непростительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неопределенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=на неопределенное время pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неизгладимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неизгладимо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=независимость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=независимых pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неописуемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неописуемо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нерушимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неопределимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неразрешимо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=индикация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=указывающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безразличие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неимущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возмущенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возмущенно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возмущение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=косвенные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неразличимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нескромно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нескромность pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неразборчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=без разбора pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=незаменимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=незаменимость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нездоровый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесспорный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неясный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нехарактерный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=индивидуальность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=идеологическая обработка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ленивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неукротимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неукротимо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несомненный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предаваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=индульгенция pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неэффективный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безрезультатно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неэффективность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безрезультатный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бесплодность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недействительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недейственность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неэффективно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непригодный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неэлегантность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ineloquent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ineloquently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуместность pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неравенства pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неравенство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несправедливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несправедливо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инерции pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неизбежно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неоценимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неизмеримо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непростительно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неумолимо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недорогой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неопытность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неопытный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспощадный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inexplainable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необъяснимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неразрывно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непогрешимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непогрешимо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непогрешимость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увлечены pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инфицированных pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инфекционных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вывод pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=низший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неполноценности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=адский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кишеть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=зараженных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неверный pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неверных pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нарушитель границы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=проникших pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=немощный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воспламенять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воспалительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инфляционный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=негибкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наносить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=влиятельный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=информационных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=информативный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нарушать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нарушений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=взбесить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=–азъяренный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бешенство pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изобретательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гениально pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изобретательность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=простодушный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесхитростно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесславный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неблагодарный pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=снискать расположение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заискивающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неблагодарность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=присущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тормозить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=торможение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=негостеприимный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=негостеприимство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесчеловечный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=негуманный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесчеловечность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=враждебно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беззаконие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неразумный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ранить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=травмы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несправедливость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несправедливости pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=намеки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=невиновность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=невинный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=невиновно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инновации pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инновационные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бесчисленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неисчислимо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бесчисленные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=инсинуация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безобидный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любознательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безумный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненасытный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=небезопасный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отсутствие безопасности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бесчувственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нечувствительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесчувственно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нечувствительность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=коварный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=коварно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незначительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незначительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незначительно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неискренний pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неискренность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=намекать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вкрадчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=настаивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=настойчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insociable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=изоляции pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несостоятельный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беззаботность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вдохновение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вдохновляющие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вдохновлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вдохновляющий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нестабильность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неустойчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подстрекатель pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подстрекателей pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поучительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инструментальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непокорный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нереальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=иллюзорно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невыносимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недостаточность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недостаточно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=островной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оскорбленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оскорбительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нестерпимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непреодолимо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=восстание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неповрежденный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=интеграл pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=целостности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разведка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вразумительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=намерены pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=интенсивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=интенсивно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=намерение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=намерения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ходатайствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=интерес pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=интересно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=интересы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вмешиваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вмешательства pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прерывистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прерывание pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=запугивания pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intimidatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=запугивание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нетерпимости pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нетерпимый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опьянять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неразрешимыми pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непримиримость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непримиримый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=интригующий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=интригующе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вторгаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вторжение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=интуитивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наводнять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наводнен pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=захватчик pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=аннулировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недействительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесценный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесценно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=инвазивных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=инвектива pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возмутительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=завистливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=завистливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=укреплять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бодрящий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непобедимость pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непобедимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприкосновенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненарушенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=невидимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуязвимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непреднамеренно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непроизвольный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разгневанный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=иронический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=насмешки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ирония pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=иррациональный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=иррациональность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нерационально pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неразменный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непоправимо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreformable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неопровержимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=независимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нерегулярный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нерегулярность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нерелевантный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непоправимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreplacible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неудержимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неудержимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неразрешимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безответственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безответственно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безвозвратный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необратимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздраженно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=раздражитель pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=изолировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=изолированных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зуд pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=измученный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=варенье pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=банка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=утонченный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ревнивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ревниво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ревнивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ревность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=насмехаться pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поставить под угрозу pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опасность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рывок pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шутка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нервный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безработный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=джокер pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=толчок pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радостный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безрадостный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=суждение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=суждения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рассудительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=скачущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=барахло pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=правосудия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оправданным pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обоснованно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обоснование pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оправдывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=справедливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уничтоженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чуткость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грубая шерсть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ключ pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=малыш pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=брюзга pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вид pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любезно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=делателем королей " pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поцелуй pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плут pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нож pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стук pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=знал pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зная pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сознательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=знаний pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осведомленный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=псих pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с закидонами pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вялый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лакей pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лакеев pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недостающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лаконичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отставание pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отколотить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=хромой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1="хромой утки" pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плачевный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=томный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=томиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=долговязый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=томление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=томно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=крупномасштабный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=истечение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=в значительной степени pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жаворонок pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=похотливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=последний оплот pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наконец pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хвалить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=laudably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смеяться pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смешно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=посмешищем pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смех pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=законопослушный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=правонарушитель pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нарушающий закон pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=законный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=законно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беззаконный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ведущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=утечки pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неплотный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=постный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=узнать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обучение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уроки pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мере pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сильное желание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=развратник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=лекция pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пиявка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смотреть искоса pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=левого толка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=наследие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=юридический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=легендарный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=законность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=меньше pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=менее развитые pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=менее дорогие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уменьшать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=меньшей pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=менее известных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ћетч pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=летальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=летаргический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=летаргия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рычаг pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=легкомыслие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непристойно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=похотливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ответственности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лгун pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лжецы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=либеральный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=освобождение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=либерализм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=Ћиберально pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=распущенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=распущенность pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=распутство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лжец pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лежит pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=угрожающих жизни pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кровь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безжизненный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пожизненный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=света pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=как pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вероятность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вероятно, pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=также pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предел pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ограничения pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ограниченный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=грамотный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мало pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=малоизвестный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=жить pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=живой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=багровые pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разозленный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неохотный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=омерзительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=логический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одинокий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одиночество pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=долго pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с тоской pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=смотреть pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ищу pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лазейка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лазейки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ограбление pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=покинутый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=потери pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=потерять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неудачник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=потеряли pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=паршивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мило pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=без любви pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прелесть pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=любовник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=низкая pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=низким рейтингом pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=низким уровнем риска pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=низким ценам pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непритязательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=лояльный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лояльность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ясный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доходчиво pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удача pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удачливее pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удачливых pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удачливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прибыльный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=печальный pos1=adj stemmed1=1 priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=затишье pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=светящийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lunaticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=крен pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приманка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бурый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=таиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скрываться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пышный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=похоть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=понежиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=роскошный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=роскошно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=роскошь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лежащий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лирический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сводить с ума pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сводящий с ума pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=марена pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=магия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=магический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=великодушный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=магнитного pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=великолепие pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=увеличивать pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=величественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=основных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неотрегулированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неудовлетворенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоброжелательность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злорадный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злобно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злоба pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злонамеренный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злонамеренно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злонамеренность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плохое обращение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=маневр pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=калечить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=маньяк pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=маниакальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=манифест pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=манипулировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=манипуляция pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=манипулятивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=манипуляторов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мужественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мантра pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ћар pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=маргинальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=минимально pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мученичество pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мученичества ищущих pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудо pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудесный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудеса pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=массивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мастер pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шедевр pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шедевров pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мастеров pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мастерство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесподобный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вопрос pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ѕожилая pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=зрело pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=зрелость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=индивидуалист pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приторный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=слащаво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приторность pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=макси-девальвации pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=максимизировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=может быть pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скудный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=значимого pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подлость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=посредственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=посредственность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кроткий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=меланхолия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=спелый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мелодраматический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мелодраматически pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=памятный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увековечивать память pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=воспоминания pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=угроза pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=угрожающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чинить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=черную pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=менталитет pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=наставник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=милосердный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нещадно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=милость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заслуга pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=веселье pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восхитительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гипнотизирующий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очаровательность pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=моделировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дотошный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тщательно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=карлик pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=размолвка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мощно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=могущественный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ум pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕамятуя pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бездумно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=министра pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудотворный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудесным образом pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудотворность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мираж pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неправильно понимать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не подходить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рожденный вне брака pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плохо себя вести pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проступок pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=просчитаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=просчет pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озорство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озорной pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озорно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неправильное представление pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заблуждения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злоумышленников pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неправильное указание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скряга pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жалкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жалкость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несчастно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несчастье pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неправильное руководство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вводить в заблуждение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плохо обращаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дезинформировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дезинформированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неверно истолковывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недооценивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недооценка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вводящие в заблуждение pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нелюбовь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неправильно истолковывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неправильное прочтение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=введение в заблуждение pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ћисс pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искажений pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неправильно понять pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неправильно понятый pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоразумение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоразумений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мм pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стон pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=макет pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=издевательства pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=умеренный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=умеренность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=современных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=скромность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=назойливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=важный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=однообразный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудовище pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудовищами pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудовищный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудовищно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=монументальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=монументально pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=луна pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=хандрить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=моральный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мораль pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=морализировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=патологически pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=протрава pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кроме того pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подавлен pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обижать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=Ќаиболее pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=основном pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мотивировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мотивированных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мотивация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мотив pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пестрый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плакальщик pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скорбный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скорбно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=двигаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=движущихся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неразбериха pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мутный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=клеветник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=многополярности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мама pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мирской pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убийство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убийственно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=темный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мускулами pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=должны pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мириады pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=таинственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=таинственно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тайна pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мистифицировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=mistified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=миф pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кляча pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нытье pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наивно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вздремнуть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=узкой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=зарождающегося pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гадко pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злобность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=национализм pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=природных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=естественно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=природы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вызывать отвращение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тошнотворный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тошнотворно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=судоходный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опрятный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аккуратно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смутно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обязательно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=необходимо pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необходимое pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нужно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ненужный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бесполезно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=потребностей pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нуждающийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мерзко pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отрицательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пренебречь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=халатность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ќемезида pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=крапива pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=“ем не менее pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нервной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нервно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нервозность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невротический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невротически pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нейтрализовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хороший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хорошо pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=щегольской pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кошмар pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кошмарный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кошмарно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ќикс pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благородный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благородно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=шумный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоверия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отказ от насилия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ненасильственных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чушь pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ненасильственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нормальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пронырливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=примечательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=в частности pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕримечательно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=понятие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пресловутый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=общеизвестно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=роман pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=питать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=питательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=питание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нюанс pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нюансы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприятность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=онемелый pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воспитание pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оазис pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=послушание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=послушный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=покорно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=повиноваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тучный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=объект pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возражение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нежелательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возражения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=цель pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=объективно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обязан pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=косой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уничтожены pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=забывающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одержимость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=навязчивых pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одержимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=устаревший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=устранять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ќчевидно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очевидно, pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чуждый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=странный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Odder pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=—транности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=странность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оскорблять pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оскорбления pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преступлений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=наступление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обидно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грубость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ох pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=олимпийский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зловещий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опускать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=одной стороне pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=односторонний pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обременительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=натиск pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=открыто pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=открытого состава pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=открытость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мнение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ћнения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возможность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=условно-патогенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оппозиции pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оппозиций pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=угнетение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гнетущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гнетущая атмосфера pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=угнетателей pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оптимального pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оптимистичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 len=1 word1=тяжелое испытание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=упорядоченный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оригинал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оригинальность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сирота pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=православие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подвергать остракизму pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=должен pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вспышки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отверженный pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=протест pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=перещеголять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=исходящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вне закона pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мировоззрение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возмущены pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возмутительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=абсурда pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=аутсайдер pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=откровенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опережать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=овация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=по-действовало pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=по-оценки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сверхуспевающей pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=переигрывать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=утрированный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=внушать благоговейный страх pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=перевес pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=репрессии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раздутые pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преодолеть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=перестараться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преувеличенный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=просроченный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=переоценить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вне себя от радости pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=излишним pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упускать из виду pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пересиливать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=перерасход pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=надзора pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=упрощение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=упрощенно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=упрощать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=негабаритный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=завышать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=завышение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преувеличений pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=перегружена pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=свержение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=переворот pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увертюра pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=увертюры pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подавлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подавляющий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=перегружены работой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чрезмерно усердный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чрезмерно рьяно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пацифист pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пацифистов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=усмирить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=больно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безболезненный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безболезненно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=усилия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кропотливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дворцовый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бледный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смягчать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ничтожный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=баловать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кастрюля pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=столпотворение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=паника pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=панический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рай pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=парадоксальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕарадоксально pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=paralize pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=парализованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=первостепенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=паранойя pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=параноик pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=паразит pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=помилование pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пария pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пародия pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пристрастность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=частности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=партизанский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕартизаны pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поблекший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страсть pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пассивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пассивность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=патетически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=терпение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пациента pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=терпеливо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=патриот pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ќтечественной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=покровительствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нищих pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=окупаемость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мира pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=миролюбивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мирных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мирно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=миротворцев pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=своеобразный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=педантичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пешеход pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=брюзгливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ворчливо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=казнь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проникающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кающийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восприятие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=совершенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=совершенствование pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perfidity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поверхностный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возможно, pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опасный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=периферийный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гибнуть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озадачивающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преследование pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упорно продолжать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=персонажи pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=личность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=убеждать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упорством pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уместный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возмущать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=широкое распространение pos1=adj stemmed1=n m priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=извращенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=извращенно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=извращение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=извращенность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=извращенец pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пессимизм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пессимистический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пессимистически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вредитель pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тлетворный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=окаменевать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=окаменелый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сутяжничать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мелкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=феноменальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=феноменально pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=философствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фобия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фобических pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=фальшивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=придирчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=живописный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=благочестие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грабеж pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=столб pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пригвоздить к позорному столбу pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=щепотка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕайн pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вершина pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благочестивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пике pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=содержательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жалобно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безжалостный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ѕезжалостно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жалкие гроши pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жалость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заниматься плагиатом pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чума pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=равнина pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прямо pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=правдоподобие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=»грок pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=игривый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=игриво pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=игрушка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мольба pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заявление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=просьбы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕожалуйста, pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рады pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удовольствие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плебейский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пленарное pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=участок pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плоттеры pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уловка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грабитель pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=плюш pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поэтический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поэтизировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=точка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уравновешенность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=готова pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=яд pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ядовитый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ядовито pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поляризации pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=полемизировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=полированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=загрязнитель pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=загрязнителями pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обдумывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бедных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ѕопулярные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=популярность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=портативный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=положительные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=положительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=положительно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=¬озможность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возможно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=потомство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поза pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=позерство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=потенциал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=надутые губы pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нищеты pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=власть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=практическая pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=практически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прагматический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=восхваление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=полный провал pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лепет pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=молиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проповедь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предосторожность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=меры предосторожности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прецедент pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осадок pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обрывистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=точный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=точность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=грабительский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=затруднительное положение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предсказуемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предсказуемо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преобладающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=упреждающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предпочитают pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предпочтительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предпочтительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предпочтение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предпочтения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предрешать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=досудебный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отличный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=занимать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подготовлен pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преобладание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пресс pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нажатием pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=давление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=престиж pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=престижных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предположительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предполагать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самонадеянный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самонадеянно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=притворство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=притворяться pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=претенциозный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вычурно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=довольно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=распространенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=увиливать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=колючка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=колючки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=гордость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=в первую очередь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=первичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=примитивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=принцип pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=принципиальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тюрьмы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=заключенный pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=привилегия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=привилегированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=приз pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=профи pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проамериканский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пропекинский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прокубинский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мирный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=проблематичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=провозглашать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мешкать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=промедление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необыкновенно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=продуктивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прибыли pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=глубокий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обильно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прогрессивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=запретительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=плодовитый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=видный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=известность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обещание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=многообещающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=промоутер pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подскажут pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пропагандировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=надлежащего pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благосклонно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пропорционально pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=запрет pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=запреты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преследовать в судебном порядке pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=перспектива pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=процветание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=защиты pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=защита pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=защитный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=протектор pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=протеста pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ѕротесты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=затяжной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=доказать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=провидение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=провокация pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=провокационный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=провоцировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доблесть pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=благоразумие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благоразумный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благоразумно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подглядывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драчливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драчливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=драчливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пунш pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пунктуальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эксперты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=наказуемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=карательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тщедушный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кукольный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=куклы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=очистки pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=очищать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чистоты pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=целенаправленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=головоломка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоуменный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=загадочным pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шарлатан pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=квалифицированных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=квалифицировать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=колебаний pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ссора pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=перебранчивый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ссоры pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вздорный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=квази-союзника pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гасить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=каламбур pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ускорять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тихий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выход pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вполне pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лодырь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расизм pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расистские pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расистов pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стойка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сияние pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лучистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радикал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радикализации pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радикалов pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оборванный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бушующих pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=железнодорожных pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ралли pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неистовствовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безудержный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злопамятность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ранга pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=терзать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=декламация pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разглагольствования pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rantingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сближение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=связь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=редко pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мошенник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сыпь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=крыса pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рациональных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рациональность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рационализировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=погремушка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бредить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отвоевать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=реакции pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=реакционный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=реакций pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=готовы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подтверждать pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подтверждение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=реальный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=реалист pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=реалистичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=реалистично pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=реализации pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ѕричина pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разумный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разумно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обоснованный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мятежный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отпор pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упрек pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=спад pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опрометчиво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безрассудство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вернуть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=узнаваемых pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отдача pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=–екомендуем pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рекомендации pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рекомендовал pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вознаграждение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=согласовать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=примирения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рекордный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ресурсов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=восстановить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выпрямление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=исправлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выпрямительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выкупать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искупительной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выкуп pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=избыточность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=избыточный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ќчистить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=утонченность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отражающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=реформы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обновление pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=освежающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отказаться pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опровержение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=царственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=по-царски pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=регресс pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=регрессия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=регрессивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сожаление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=опечаленный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с сожалением pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=прискорбно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=реабилитации pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=армирование pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вновь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отклонять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=радоваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рецидив pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отношений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расслабиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смягчаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неустанно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=соответствующих pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=релевантность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=надежность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=надежно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=помощи pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=замечание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=замечательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=лекарство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=напоминающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=полный раскаяния pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раскаянием pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспощадно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспощадность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вознаграждать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=–енессанс pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возобновляемых pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ремонтировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обновления pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ремонт pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возмещение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=погашать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отталкивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=каяться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=покаяние pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=повторяющихся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предосудительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предосудительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осудительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=репрессивный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выговор pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=укоризненный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несовместимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отбиты pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отражении pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отталкивающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непривлекательность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уважаемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=спасение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=возмущаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обиженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=негодование pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бронирования pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 len=1 word1=отставка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подал в отставку pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=упругий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сопротивление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=решительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=решения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=урегулированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=звучать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=звучный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=находчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=находчивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=почтенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=почтительный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=почтительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=передышка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блистательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ответственно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=успокоительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неугомонность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=восстановление pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сдержанность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ограничить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ограничительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возрождающийся pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ответный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=замедлять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скрытный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пенсию pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ретрактом pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отступать pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=воссоединять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=раскрывать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выявление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упиваться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=откровение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=откровения pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=месть pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мстительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мстительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=почитать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благоговейный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возвращаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возрождение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=возрождать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поносили pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=активизации pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=революции pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отвлекающее средство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=награждение pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стоящий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=говорить напыщенно pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=риторика pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=риторический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=богато pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ћѕќ√ pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изобилующий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трещина pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рифтов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=праведный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=праведно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=праведность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=правота pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прав pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=строгость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=строгий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=взбесило pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=риск pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безрисковой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рискованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=соперник pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=соперничество pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блокпосты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=–оки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жулик pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горках pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=романтический pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=романтически pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=романтизировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=розовый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гниль pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разжигание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рута pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рябить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разорение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=губительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=урчание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=слух pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=слухи pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=захудалый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ржавый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=саботаж pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=священный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жертва pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=печалить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грустно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=печаль pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безопасной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=провес pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мудрец pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мудро pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=святость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ходкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выделять слюну pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=салют pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ханжеский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=освящать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=санкция pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=святилище pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сангвинический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=здравомыслящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вменяемость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=иссушать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сарказм pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=саркастический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=саркастически pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сардонический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сардонически pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сатирический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удовлетворительно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=удовлетворительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=удовлетворяют pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=удовлетворяющих pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дикарь pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=терзал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дикость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дикари pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=смаковать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смекалка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=скандал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шокировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шокировал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скандальный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скандально pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скандалы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=козел отпущения pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шрам pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шрамах pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=испуганный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страшнее pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рубцов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уничтожающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=—хема pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ученый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нагоняй pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ругательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=палящий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жгуче pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=негодяй pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вопль pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=визжать pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=винт pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скрупулезный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скрупулезно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изучать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=накипь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесшовный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=закаленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=второго класса pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=второго уровня pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безопасный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безопасно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безопасности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сидячий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кажется pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=казалось бы, pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бурлить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кипит pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=селективный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самостоятельно переворота pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самокритика pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обречены на провал pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=саморазрушительной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самоопределение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=самоанализ pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самоуничижение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эгоизм pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=корыстный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самоуважение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самоудовлетворение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=корыстного pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=самодостаточность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=самостоятельный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=selfinterested pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эгоистичный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эгоистично pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подобие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=старческий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ощущение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сенсационный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сенсационно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ощущения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=смысле pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чувствительных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чутко pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чувствительность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=настроение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сентиментальность pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сентиментально pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=настроения pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=безмятежный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=серьезные pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=серьезность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сервитут pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=урегулировать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=настройка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разрывать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тяжелый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=суровость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сексуальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=потертый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тень pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тенистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трясти pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=шаткий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стыда pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесстыдный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бесстыдно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беззастенчивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=акула pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поколебать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приют pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=щит pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мерцающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мерцающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уклоняющийся от работы человек pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кораблекрушение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дрожь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шок pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шокирующим pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дрянной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недолговечный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нехватка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обсчитать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=близорукий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=близорукость pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ѕоказать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вскрытие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=лоскуток pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=землеройка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=визг pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пронзительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пронзительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=саван pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=окутана pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пожимать плечами pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=избегали pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=застенчиво pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=застенчивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=болеть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разъезда pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=осада pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сигналов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=означать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кипятить на медленном огне pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=простота pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=упростить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=грех pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=греховный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=греховно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искренне pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тонущий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скелетов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скептический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скептически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скептицизм pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=квалифицированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искусный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пугливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=легкомысленно / игриво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=красться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=слабина pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=клеветнически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=клевету pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пощечина pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рубить pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убитый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рабов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неряшливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гладкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сонный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стройный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=немного pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тонкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=слизь pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неряшливо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лень pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=медленно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=медленные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пуля pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=привкус pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=умнее pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бойко pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разгромить pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мазок pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обоняние pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=улыбка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=улыбчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с улыбкой pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сражен pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дымовая завеса pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тлеть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тлеющий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гладких pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=душить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=самодовольно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=головня pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприличный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чумазый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=западня pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рычание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=украдкой pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=так pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=so-cal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=так называемых pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рыдать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отрезвление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=общительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сладкоречивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=утешение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=торжественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заботливый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заботливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заботливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=твердых pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=солидарность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=говорить с самим собой pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=успокаивающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=язва pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=болезненность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=извините pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=звук pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=звучание pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обоснованность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кислый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кисло pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=суверенитет pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=просторные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=лопата pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=быстро двигаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=запасных pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=щадящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=экономно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искриться pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сверкающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=конкретных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=специально pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=специальные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=эффектно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=спекулировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=спекуляция pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=завораживающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разлив pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=старая дева pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дух pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=духовное pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ќесмотря pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злобный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=растопыренными пальцами pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расщепление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=привидение pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нервировать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=похожий на привидение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=получающий пищу с ложки pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кормить с ложечки pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Spoonfed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=спорадический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пятнистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шпора pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=брызги pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=перебранка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дрязг pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разбазаривать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сквош pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=извиваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стабильности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стабилизироваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стабильным pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=шататься pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=застойный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=застаиваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=застой pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=степенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нержавеющей pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=доля pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заикание pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=паническое бегство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=позиция pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=позиции pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стенд pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=звезды pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=туго pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=голодать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=«аявления pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=статического pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=величавый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стойко pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=устойчивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=устойчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=украсть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=воровство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преувеличенно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=звездный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зловоние pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стереотип pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стереотипный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стереотипно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кормовой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тушеное мясо pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=липкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=душный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=душно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стигмы pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=клеймить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стимулировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стимулирующий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жало pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жгучая pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вонять pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вонючий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=переполох pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=перемешивание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трогательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=украли pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=украденный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=стоял pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=марионетка pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стукач pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шестерка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=буря pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бурный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разбросанная группа pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отставший pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=деформации pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=напряженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=незнакомец pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=задушить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обтекаемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стресс pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стрессовый pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пораженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шаг pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скрипучий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=успехи pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=забастовка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сильнее, чем ожидалось pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ударил pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=распорка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=старательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=старательно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=фаршированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=спотыкаться pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пень pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оглушать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трюк pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чахлый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=притуплять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изумительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=колоссально pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тупо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Stupify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ступор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=свинарник pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стильный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=стильно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=учтивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=приглушенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подчинение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=покорный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подчиненный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подписаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=раболепие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=спадать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нестандартный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=существенно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вычитать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подрывная деятельность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подрывной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разрушительно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ниспровергать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=успех pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=успешно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поддаваться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=таких pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сосунок pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=страдать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страдалец pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страдающих pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страдания pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=хватить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сахар-пальто pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=засахаренный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сахарной pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предложить pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предложения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=самоубийство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=костюм pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подходящих pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дуться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пятнать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=разлучать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=—олнечный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=супер pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=превосходный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поверхностность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поверхностно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=излишний pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=начальник pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=суеверие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=суеверный pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поддержки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сторонник pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕусть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предполагаемый pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=если pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=верховенство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=¬ерховный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высшей pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=supurb pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=supurbly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=”бедитесь pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наверное pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=волны pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ѕушующие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=догадка pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преодолевать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сюрприз pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сдаваться pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выживание pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выжить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=оставшийся в живых pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подозреваемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подозрение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подозрения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подозрительных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с подозрением pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=устойчивости pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=устойчивого pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чванство pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заболоченный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подметание pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сладкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подслащивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сладко pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сладость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=быстрота pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=качели pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=красть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=обморок pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поклявшийся pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=присяжный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=симпатический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сочувственно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=—импатии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сочувствие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=симптом pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=синдром pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=систематический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=табу pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=такт pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=испорченный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рассказ pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=талант pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=талантливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мучить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мучающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дразняще pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=равносильный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=истерики pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тусклость pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дразнить pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мишурный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=дразня pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=налогообложение pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=утомительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=утомительно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нрав pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искушать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=искушение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=цепкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=цепко pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=упорство pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тенденция pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тендер pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нежность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=напряжение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предварительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ориентировочно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разреженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тонко pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прохладный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ужасом pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=потрясающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жутко pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=террор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ужас-генного pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=терроризмом pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=терроризировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благодарю pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тереотизировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕоэтому pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=думаю, pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мышление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жажда pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тернистый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тщательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=мысли pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вдумчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=глубокомысленно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вдумчивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необдуманный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недомыслие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=угрозы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=угрожать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бережливость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бережливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=волнующе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=острых ощущений pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бросать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=палец pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=превью pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=“аким образом pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=константы выглядит так pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=щекотать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=аккуратный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=освященный веками pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=своевременно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=робкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=робость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=покалывание pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оттенок pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=крошечный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=шины pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=усталый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изнурительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=щекотки pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=titillatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тост pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=единение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трудиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=терпимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сносно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=толерантности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=терпимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=терпимость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=слишком pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=“оп pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=опрокидываться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мучение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ливень pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=страстно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пытки pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пыткам pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=тоталитарный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=традиции pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=традиционных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трогать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=штрихи pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обидчивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=токсичных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трагедия pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трагический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=трагически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=предательский pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изменнически pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бродяга pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=топтать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=преступать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=трансгрессия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прозрачность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прозрачный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=транспорта pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=травма pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=травматический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=травматически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=травмировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=травмированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=травестий pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=измена pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изменнический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сокровище pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=лечения pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отделка pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=триумф pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=триумфальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=торжествующий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=победоносно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тривиальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тривиально pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=беда pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=смутьян pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хлопотный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=назойливо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тревожной pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обеспокоенность pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=прогуливать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=правда pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=козырь pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=труба pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доверчиво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=правдивый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=правдиво pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=правдивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=попробуйте pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пытался pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бурных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=турбулентный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=суматоха pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=блистательно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=твист pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скрученный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=повороты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тиранический pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=деспотически pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тирания pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тиран pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тьфу pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уродство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уродливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=конечный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=в конечном счете pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ультиматум pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ультиматумов pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высшая степень pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=очень жесткий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ультра жесткий pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беззастенчивого pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=не в состоянии pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприемлемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недопустимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=единодушный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непривлекательный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неаудированные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недостоверный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=пока нет pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поверять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=несвязанный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нецивилизованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безнадежной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=редкий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неконкурентоспособной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бескомпромиссной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бескомпромиссно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безусловный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неподтвержденный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неконституционный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неконтролируемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нетрадиционный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неубедительно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неотесанный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нерешенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неопределенная pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненадежность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненадежны pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подчиненные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подрывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=низкооплачиваемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=понять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=понятный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=понял pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=преуменьшать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заниженный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заниженно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расстегнул pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недостойный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ќеоспоримым pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=undisputably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отменить pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=недокументированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несомненно, pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспокойно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неэкономичный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неизрасходованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неравный pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недвусмысленный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=однозначно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неэтичным pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неровный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=без осложнений pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неожиданный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неожиданно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незнакомый pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неблагоприятный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=равнодушным pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неограниченный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незаконченный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=негодный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непредвиденный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=незабываемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=к сожалению pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недружественный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=невыполненный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нефинансируемых pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неуправляемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несчастью pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=равномерной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=односторонности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невообразимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=невообразимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неважный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незастрахованный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=униполярный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=уникальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=единство pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=универсальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неоправданный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Ќеоправданно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недобрый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недоброжелательный pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unlamentable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unlamentably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незаконный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незаконность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=развязать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нелицензированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несчастливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неестественный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неестественно pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ненужные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расстроенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=огорчая pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unnervingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=незамеченный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неортодоксальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неортодоксальность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприятности pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=непопулярный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспрецедентно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непредсказуемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неприхотливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=непроизводительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нерентабельный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неквалифицированный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=распутывать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разгадана pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необоснованно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неотступно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ненадежный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неразрешенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспорядки pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=невредимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=недобросовестный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бессовестно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неподобающий pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тревожащий pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нетвердо pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неустойчивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нестационарных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неудачный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=безуспешно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неподдерживаемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=не уверены pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не подозревающий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неустойчивых pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неиспытанный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=немыслимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=немыслимо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=несвоевременный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=нетронутый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=необычный pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=необычно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=не желают pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неразумно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неработоспособным pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=неподатливый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=оптимистичной pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=укорять pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=авансом pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поддержал pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=подъем pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=поднятие pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подъема pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вертикально pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=шумно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=громко pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=выкорчевывать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=высококлассные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осадки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=расстроенно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вверх pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=настоятельно призываем pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=срочность pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=срочный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=срочно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=использовать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=полезно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=полезность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=узурпировать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=узурпатор pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=утилитарный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=все возможное pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=произносить pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=высказывания pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=крайне pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расплывчатый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=неопределенность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=напрасный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доблестный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доблестно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=действительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=действия pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ценных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=значения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=исчезать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=суета pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=побеждать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=простор pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=почтенно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=чтить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мстительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вентиляционный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=проверяемый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=настоящий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=разносторонний pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гибкость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=остатки pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вето pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=досаждать pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=досаждающе pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=жизнеспособный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=жизнеспособность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=яркие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ярко pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вице- pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=порочный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=порочность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=победоносный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=победа pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=соперничать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ќткрыть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=точки зрения pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕросмотров pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бдительность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=бдительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=энергично pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злодейский pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злодейски pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=злодеев pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villianous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villianously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=отстаивать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сбор винограда pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нарушитель pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=насильственный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=гадюка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=силу pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=добродетельный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=добродетельно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вирулентность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вирулентный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=яростно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вирус pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=провидец pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=жизненно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=вокальный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=устно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=многоголосый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=громогласно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=летучий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=изменчивость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=добровольно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=добровольных pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=рвота pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ручаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=обет pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вульгарный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уязвимых pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=барахтаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=убыль pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=убывающей pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хотите pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=войны pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=воинственные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=война pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=сердечный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тепло pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=предупреждение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=коробить pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=настороженный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осторожно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=осторожность pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=отходов pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=расточительный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=Watchdog pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=своенравный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ослабление pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=утомленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=клин pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=сорняк pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ƒобро пожаловать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=благосостояния pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=с хорошими связями pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=Ќалаженные pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хорошо осведомленный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благими намерениями pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хорошо управляемые pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=в хорошем положении pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=широкую огласку pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хорошо принят pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хорошо считать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хорошо работать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=доброжелателей pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=благополучие pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=любой pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=угодливость pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дуновение pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=neutral
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хныкать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=скулить pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=кнуты pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=белый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=полезный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нечестиво pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=нечестие pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=широко открытый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=широкомасштабный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=широко распространенный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дикий pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=дико pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=уловки pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=умышленно pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=слабеть pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=морщиться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=подмигивать pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=можно выиграть pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ѕобедители pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мудрость pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=мудрый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=пожелания pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=желающих pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=удержанных pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=удерживать pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=остроумный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=горестный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=чудесно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ќн чудо pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ухаживать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=выполнимый pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=всемирно известный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=носить pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспокоит pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=озабоченно pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=беспокойный человек pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=заботы pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=хуже pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=поклоняться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=наихудший pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=какой-то смысл pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=бездарно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=никчемности pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рана pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=раны pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=круто pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ошеломительно pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=крушение pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=вырвать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=убого pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=убогость pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=терзаться pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=противоправный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=кованого pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тосковать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тоска pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=тявкать pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=молодой pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ревностный pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=рьяно pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=зенит pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=изюминка pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=positive